MM-32162 Review and Update mmctl product docs (#4360)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/mmctl-cli-tool.rst

   --user               If supplied, convert a bot to a user
   --username string    Username for the converted user account. Required when the "bot" flag is set

**Options inherited from parent commands**

.. code-block:: sh

   --config-path string           path to the configuration directory. If "$HOME/.mmctl" exists it will take precedence over the default value (default "$XDG_CONFIG_HOME")
   --format string                the format of the command output [plain, json] (default "plain")
   --insecure-sha1-intermediate   allows to use insecure TLS protocols, such as SHA-1
   --insecure-tls-version         allows to use TLS versions 1.0 and 1.1
   --local                        allows communicating with the server through a unix socket
   --strict                       will only run commands if the mmctl version matches the server one

mmctl user create
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Description**

Create a user.

**Format**

.. code-block:: sh

   mmctl user create [flags]

**Examples**

.. code-block:: sh

   # You can create a user
   $ mmctl user create --email user@example.com --username userexample --password Password1

>    # You can define optional fields like first name, last name and nick name too

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # You can define optional fields like first name, last name, and nickname
```

   $ mmctl user create --email user@example.com --username userexample --password Password1 --firstname User --lastname        Example --nickname userex

>    # Also you can create the user as system administrator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # You can also create the user as a System Admin
```

   $ mmctl user create --email user@example.com --username userexample --password Password1 --system-admin

>    # Finally you can verify user on creation if you have enough permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # Finally you can verify user on creation if you have the correct permissions
```

   $ mmctl user create --email user@example.com --username userexample --password Password1 --system-admin --email-verified

**Options**

.. code-block:: sh

   --email string       Required. The email address for the new user account

>    --email_verified     Optional. If supplied, the new user will have the email verified. Defaults to false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   --email_verified     Optional. If supplied, the new user will have the email verified. Defaults to "false"
```

   --insecure-tls-version         allows to use TLS versions 1.0 and 1.1
   --local                        allows communicating with the server through a unix socket
   --strict                       will only run commands if the mmctl version matches the server one

mmctl user demote
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Description**

Convert a user into a guest.

**Format**

.. code-block:: sh

  mmctl user demote [users] [flags]

**Examples**

.. code-block:: sh

  user demote user1 user2  

**Options**

.. code-block:: sh

  -h, --help   help for demote

**Options inherited from parent commands**

   --config-path string           path to the configuration directory. If "$HOME/.mmctl" exists it will take precedence over the default value (default "$XDG_CONFIG_HOME")
   --format string                the format of the command output [plain, json] (default "plain")
   --insecure-sha1-intermediate   allows to use insecure TLS protocols, such as SHA-1
   --insecure-tls-version         allows to use TLS versions 1.0 and 1.1
   --local                        allows communicating with the server through a unix socket

>    --strict                       will only run commands if the mmctl version matches the server one

Reviewer 2: @cwarnermm This section looks broken https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/mmctl-cli-tool.html#mmctl-user-demote

Author: Thanks, @amyblais. Fixing via https://github.com/mattermost/docs/pull/4485
